Cleaning/README.md, before:

# Steps for Cleaning and Entity Resolution

### Now turn all of this into a bash script

1. Download public data from the World Bank API using the commands in reading.py

2. Cleaning.py: This is called once for each of the contracts, projects, and investigations csvs. It writes the cleaned data to a csv in Output
	- To run the file, pass in csvs from the Data/ directory

	```
	python cleaning.py Data/contracts.csv Output/contracts.csv
	```

3. Resolve the discrepancies with entity resolution using this command and file
	```
	python -W ignore "entity_resolution.py" -c 'Output/contracts.csv' -e 'Data/names.csv' -o '../Example/resolved.csv'
	```

4. Read in the cleaned csvs, join them using pandas, and write out one csv to send to feature generation. This file runs when Output/projects.csv and the investigations.csv use "Project ID" as the join parameter.

	```
	python join.py Output/contracts.csv Output/projects.csv Output/investigations_one.csv Output/investigations_two.csv ../Example/resolved.csv
	```

5. Generate summary statistics on the joined csv using
	```
	python summary.py ../Example/resolved.csv Output/summary.txt
	```

Commit message:

Bash script working for etl

Cleaning/README.md, after:

# Steps for Cleaning and Entity Resolution

Running instructions

```
./etl.sh
```


### Step-by-step break down

1. Download public data from the World Bank API using the commands in reading.py

2. Cleaning.py: This is called once for each of the contracts, projects, and investigations csvs. It writes the cleaned data to a csv in Output
	- To run the file, pass in csvs from the Data/ directory
	```
	python cleaning.py Data/contracts.csv Output/contracts.csv
	```

3. Resolve the discrepancies with entity resolution using this command and file. Consider running this for projects as well.
	```
	python -W ignore "entity_resolution.py" -c 'Output/contracts.csv' -e 'Data/names.csv' -o 'Output/contracts_resolved.csv'
	```

4. Read in the cleaned csvs, join them using pandas, and write out one csv to send to feature generation. This file runs when Output/projects.csv and the investigations.csv use "Project ID" as the join parameter.

	```
	python join.py Output/contracts.csv Output/projects.csv Output/investigations_one.csv Output/investigations_two.csv ../Example/resolved.csv
	```

5. Generate summary statistics on the joined csv using
	```
	python summary.py ../Example/resolved.csv Output/summary.txt
	```
